Churn Classification Demo (#587)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/demos/churn_classification.md

In the fast-paced world of business, retaining customers is a top priority. The Churn 

> Classification demo, powered by Taipy, is here to revolutionize customer retention. In this demo,

Reviewer: Revolutionize customer retention is a bit ostentatious to me. 
We help analyzing churn, we don't do anything about retention directly.

```suggestion
Classification demo, powered by Taipy, is here to revolutionize 
[customer churn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Customer_attrition) analysis . In this demo,
```

we'll explore this multi-page application that encompasses data visualization, model management, 
model comparison, and predictive analytics.

# Understanding Churn Classification

> Churn classification, also known as customer churn prediction or customer attrition analysis, is 
> the process of identifying customers who are likely to stop using a product or service and take 
> actions to retain them. It involves analyzing historical customer data and using machine 
> learning algorithms to predict which customers are at risk of churning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Churn classification, also known to as customer churn prediction or customer attrition analysis, 
is the procedure of recognizing customers who are probably going to discontinue using a product 
or service and taking steps to keep them. This involves examining past customer information 
and utilizing machine learning algorithms to forecast which customers may leave.
```

> Churn classification is essential for businesses because retaining existing customers is often 
> more cost-effective than acquiring new ones. By identifying at-risk customers early and 
> implementing retention strategies, businesses can reduce churn rates and increase customer loyalty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Churn classification is crucial for businesses because keeping current customers is frequently more cost-efficient 
than acquiring new ones. By identifying customers who may leave early and applying retention strategies, 
businesses can lower churn rates and boost customer loyalty.
```

# A Glimpse of the application

The [Churn Classification](https://churn-classification.taipy.cloud/) demo is a multi-page 
application consisting of four key pages:

1. Data Visualization: 
    This page allows users to conduct Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA). Users can select the type 
    of graph (scatter plot or histogram) and choose the data content they want to explore.

2. Model Manager: 
    Clicking on the brain icon in the left panel opens the Model Manager. Here, users can access 
    the performance results of the selected model or algorithm. Users can choose an algorithm 
    and chart type to visualize predictions on a validation dataset.

3. Comparing Models: 
    By clicking on the balance icon in the left panel, users can access a page that displays the 
    performance of two models side by side, facilitating easy comparison.

4. Databases: 
    Clicking on the database icon grants access to various datasets, including the training 
    dataset, test dataset, forecast and scoring results, and the Confusion Matrix of the selected 
    algorithm or model. Users can also download specified data frames as CSV files.

# Conclusion

> The Churn Classification demo exemplifies the power of Taipy in simplifying customer retention 
> efforts. Whether you're exploring data, managing models, comparing predictive models, or 
> accessing critical datasets, Taipy streamlines the process, empowering businesses to make 
> data-driven decisions to enhance customer loyalty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Churn Classification demo illustrates how Taipy can simplify customer retention efforts. 
Whether you're exploring data, handling models, comparing predictive models, 
or accessing important datasets, Taipy streamlines the process, enabling businesses 
to make data-driven decisions to improve customer loyalty.
```

> Explore the application, delve into churn prediction, and harness the capabilities of Taipy for 
> more effective customer retention strategies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take the time to explore the application, dive into churn prediction, and make use of Taipy's capabilities 
to enhance your customer retention strategies more effectively.
```
